# Libraries loader

## Used in the view
This folder contains libraries loaders. These libraries are not compiled when the library files change.
If you need to update the any library, you need to replace the old files by the new ones and then to recompile the loader.

*(Basically make any change in the file if the LESS watcher is enabled will recompile the file)*

This may seem weird but it is on purpose. These libraries are huge indeed and we cannot afford to recompile them every time.


## Used by the compiler
The main reason we use `less` files instead of a simple `.min.css` static file is that we want to be able to override library's components.
To do so, we need them as *LESS* files, so we can import them and use them inside another files. This is only to allow the compiler to resolve classes, mixins, variables it couldn't be aware of if we wouldn't import these files.

Take a look at `styles/common/boxes.less`, for instance. We *import* the **Bootstrap wells** so we can extend the bootstrap class from one of our custom CSS class.

## How to update?
If a new version of a library is released and you want to update it, proceed as followed: *(Please do so in a specific branch!)*

1. Download the LESS version of the library you wanna update, not the CSS or SASS version.
2. Replace the current LESS files by the new files (basically copy/paste the whole folder and replace)
3. Change the eventual path used to load fonts and images. (i.e: With bootstrap you need to update the file `variables.less` by updating the variable `@icon-font-path` to select the right path)
4. Make sure you don't have `.css` files generated (we don't need CSS files inside the `/assets/less/` folder, only the LESS files. So if they are automatically generated by your LESS file watcher, just remove them.
5. Go to `/assets/linker/styles/lib/` and regenerate the library you wanna update (make any change, save and revert so the file is automatically recompiled by the LESS watcher)
6. Replace images by the newest version at `/assets/images/` (if there were changes)
7. Replace fonts by the newest version at `/assets/fonts/` (if there were changes)
8. Push!